feat: command for linting Redocly config itself (#1491)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/commands/verify-config.md

# `verify-config`

## Introduction

> This is a dedicated command to lint a Redocly config file as the lint command does for an API description file to ensure the config file is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this command to check that everything in a Redocly configuration file is valid and in the expected format.
Adding this check before using the configuration file with other commands can catch any problems at an early stage.
This command uses the same mechanism as our API linting to match a file against an expected data structure.
```

Author: Applied, thx
